Brother, look
Do you think it's Gu Zhao's daughter-in-law?
This girl from the Gu family is a village woman who can't get on the table
It's no secret anymore.
Although he is dressed a little rustic
But she's a beautiful woman
Hahaha or not
Hey, if there are good things, of course the brothers are blessed to share, right? Hahaha.
Thank you, big brother.
It's getting late.
Get off work now
Then I'll go first.
Goodbye boss
How about alone?
Drill into the woods with your brothers?
Yes, brothers will take good care of you.
Brothers are so bad
One by one
What a waste of time
Let's go together
Oh, sister, my taste is so heavy.
But my brother likes you very much.
Hahahaha
Ah!
How can this woman fight so well?
Brothers, don't stop!
Don't you want to take your sister to the woods?
Why don't you move?
What the hell are you doing here?
Get up, get up
together
Uh-huh.
Hey brat, who are you?
Don't mind your own business.
Stupid, you don't want to live anymore
He is Xue Donglai, the king of black gold
Holding the power to kill more than a dozen of the world's top gangs
More importantly, he has a top boss behind him
Kneel down kneel down
All kneel down for me
See Mr. Xue
See Contestant
The subordinates came to see the empress from the cave
See empress
You you